If you have been considering installing a
hitch on your MDX for a trailer, bike rack
or cargo carrier we will show you how easy
it is.
Some may back off when they see the instructions
call for lowering the exhaust and removing
the heat shield.
You can do this!
The video will show you how and you will save
so much money doing this on your own
The first thing we want to do that will help
the install is lower the spare tire.
Next we need to lower the exhaust and take
off this heat shield too.
These both go back up when we are done, but
we need room to slip up the hitch so it will
go up on the side of the frame here and mount
in these four holes.
At this point we will start removing the exhaust
brackets and then we will move on to the heat
shield.
This is pretty flexible, we can move this
out of our way a little bit to give us more
working room.
We
have
this side finished, now we will repeat for
the other side.